5 1
we declare with the last reply of the year I already know that it should be a reason
but it's not coming out
so you will have to make do with this recipe the first thing is to make a broth
of vegetable is a complete menu it is about taking advantage of all the steps this
It was Roxana Oria and Celery and I also add a little ham a couple of
garlic cloves to which I gave them a little bit of pepper grain
laurel leaf stalin trickle of extra virgin olive oil and then as the
accompaniment of the meat are going to be the potatoes because he took advantage that auel
broth clean while adding water supply and this in 10 minutes
the express way is ready
while we chop half a tender onion
we put it in water and add to lettuce in this case it is oak leaf
and we let it be affected
therefore we are already trying and then we will see ourselves in a little horse
the potatoes
two parties in half
yes
the prizes value in a pan
with a little butter and a little olive oil we put them face down
and salt and pepper
pilgrims a clove of garlic indicated
and a sprig of rosemary
we leave it until the potatoes take color
the lettuce this treaty well we discover
and when we have everything ready we do the entrecote section I'm going to do it to the
Grill and the trick is adjusted as a ring is that it is very very hot
Wake left and five minutes
until it has caught a lot of heat
like the record and so that it is toasted to the outside hell inside the trick
is in turning around every 30 seconds until this one like you like it
Finally
we ask for a little bit of salt, the market bonds and then the entrecote
with potatoes
and what I recommended this is already given that part if well aligned
with olive oil and salt good if we do not see each other happy 2011 regás forget a
greeting video a hug see you later